Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Generic License

Copyright (c) 2017 Brian Perea

Software and data are provided under the terms of the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Generic License.

Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright
law is prohibited.

You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material
for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license
terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the
OpenWeatherMap.org, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any
reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you
or your use.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must
distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological
measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the
public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or
limitation.

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions
necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity,
privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BART API Data is subject to the following license:

The San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District (BART) hereby grants you
(Licensee) non-exclusive, limited and revocable rights to use, reproduce, and
redistribute BART Data (Data) subject to the following Terms:

BART trademarks and copyrighted materials, including any confusingly similar
variants, may not be used in association with Data.

Data is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. BART makes no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied. BART disclaims
all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BART and
its employees, officers, directors and agents will not be liable for damages of
any kind arising from the use of Data including but not limited to direct,
indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.

BART reserves the right to alter and/or no longer provide Data at any time
without prior notice.

BART maintains title, ownership, rights and interest in and to Data.

By using BART Data, you agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions
set forth in this agreement.

Applicable Law
The laws of the State of California shall govern all rights and obligations
under this Agreement, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of
laws.

Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between BART
and Licensee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
oral or written understandings, communications, or agreements not specifically
incorporated herein. BART reserves the right to modify or revoke this agreement
at any time.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Weather Data Free Weather API License:

Free weather API is provided under the terms of the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Generic License.

Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright
law is prohibited.

You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material
for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license
terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the
OpenWeatherMap.org, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any
reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you
or your use.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must
distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological
measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the
public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or
limitation.

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions
necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity,
privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.
